# border
window.active.border.color: #333333
window.active.client.color: #ffffff

# window
window.active.title.bg: Raised
window.active.title.bg.color: #white

# Window geometry
padding.width: 2
padding.height: 2
border.width: 1
window.client.padding.width: 1
window.client.padding.height: 0
window.handle.width: 3

#Menu geometry
menu.border.width: 1
menu.overlap.x: 0
menu.overlap.y: 0

# Border colors
window.active.border.color: #333333
window.inactive.border.color: #333333
menu.border.color: #333333
window.active.client.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.client.color: #cccccc

# Window title justification
window.label.text.justify: Center

# Active window
window.active.title.bg: Solid
window.active.title.bg.color: white

window.active.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #333333

window.active.handle.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
window.active.handle.bg.color: #ffeeff

window.active.grip.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
window.active.grip.bg.color: #ffeeff

# inactive window
window.inactive.title.bg: Solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: white

window.inactive.label.bg: Parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #333333

window.inactive.handle.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #ffeeff

window.inactive.grip.bg: Raised Gradient Vertical
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #ffeeff

# button
window.active.button.unpressed.bg: Solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #ffffff
window.active.button.pressed.bg: Solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #aaaaaa

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: Solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #ffffff
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: Solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #aaaaaa
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #333333

# menu colors
menu.border.color: #333333
menu.separator.color: #333333
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 6
menu.separator.padding.height: 3

menu.items.bg: Flat Solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ffffff
menu.items.text.color: #333
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa

menu.items.active.bg: Solid Flat
menu.items.active.bg.color: #dddddd
menu.items.active.text.color: #333333
menu.items.active.disabled.text.color: #aaaaaa
